The effectiveness of the governor in clearing up some of the inconsistencies revolving about the sales tax bill may play a part in determining whether it can muster the required two-thirds vote . 
But ask coach Darrell Royal what position he plays and you'll get the quick response , `` place-kicker '' . 
SMU will play the Owls at Rice Stadium in Houston in a night game Saturday , Oct. 21 . 
For a serious young man who plays golf with a serious intensity , Palmer has such an inherent sense of humor that it relieves the strain and keeps his nerves from jangling like banjo strings . 
`` You must play it where it lies '' . 
`` I'll do as you say , but I'll also play a provisional ball and get a ruling '' . 
Benington recalled that he once told Hartweger that he doubted Gordon would ever play much for him because he seemed to be lacking in all of the accepted basketball skills . 
Trouble-free , long-life , quality components will play an increasingly important part in the merchandising of new housing in 1960 '' , Pantas predicted . 
it must play a game in which there never is a winner . 
The lean and leathery Oklahoma amateur , who has been playing topnotch tournament golf for many years , refused to let the Masters jitters overtake him and closed the tournament with his second straight 69 . 
Anyone who now doubted that a personal duel was under way had only to watch how these exceptionally gifted golfers were playing this most difficult golf course . 
All week long the President clearly was playing a larger personal role in foreign affairs ; ; 
The only response we can think of is the humble one that at least we aren't playing the marimba with our shoes in the United Nations , but perhaps the heavy domes in the house of delegates can improve on this feeble effort . 
The band should play the Rogues' March as a processional , switching to `` Hail Columbia , Happy Land '' ! ! 
Certainly not in Orchestra Hall where he has played countless recitals , and where Thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra , playing the Brahms Concerto with his own slashing , demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high , pale , pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music , or forever finds it closed . 
Everywhere there are little touches of humor , and the leader of the on-stage band of musicians is an ebullient comedian who plays all sorts of odd instruments with winning warmth . 
Joan Fagan , a fiery redhead who can impress you that she has a temper whether she really has one or not , plays Ellen , and sings the role very well , too . 
He plays his sax principally for beauty of tone , rather than for scintillating flights of meaningless improvisations , and he has a quiet way of getting back and restating the melody after the improvising is over . 
Demonstrating the primitive African rhythmic backgrounds of the Blues was Michael Babatunde Olatunji , who plays such native drums as the konga and even does a resounding job slapping his own chest . 
His normal specialty is playing the good-natured old man , frequently stupid or deluded but never mean or sly . 
